plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEIO.so LHESource CMS%EDM%Framework%InputSource
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEIO.so LHESource CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEIO.so LHEWriter CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEIO.so LHEWriter CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so ExternalLHEAsciiDumper CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so ExternalLHEAsciiDumper CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so ExternalLHEProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so ExternalLHEProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so JetMatchingMLM GeneratorInterfaceLHEJetMatching
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHE2HepMCConverter CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHE2HepMCConverter CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHEFilter CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHEFilter CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHEProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEProducer.so LHEProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHECOMWeightProducer.so LHECOMWeightProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHECOMWeightProducer.so LHECOMWeightProducer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEAnalyzer.so LHEAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-GeneratorInterfaceLHEAnalyzer.so LHEAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-DummyLHEAnalyzer.so DummyLHEAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-DummyLHEAnalyzer.so DummyLHEAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
